Various doc updates (#237)
tweag/FawltyDeps: docs/CodeDesign.md

# Requirements

## Initial goals

> We want a working and usable tool that slowly grows functionality as needed.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
We want a working and usable tool that slowly adds functionality as needed.
```

> A user would be able to run `fawltydeps` as a command line tool in their Python

Reviewer: I think it makes sense and reads more naturally if we match verb tense across these items. I don't have a strong preference about _which_ tense, just agreement among them

Author: ```suggestion
A user runs `fawltydeps` as a command line tool in their Python
```

> project, and immediately get some useful and actionable information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project and immediately gets some useful and actionable information.
```

## Boundaries

> - Support all current Python versions, that means all Python versions that have

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
- Support all current Python versions: that means all Python versions that have
```

  a stable release, and are not yet End Of Life. Currently this is: v3.7 - v3.11.
- For now we support the CPython interpreter only

> - OS-wise, for now we have concentrated on Linux. We should still run fine on

Reviewer 2: Repetition of "for now" that is a bit jarring

Author: ```suggestion
- For now we support the CPython interpreter only
- OS-wise, we have concentrated on Linux. We should still run fine on
```

>   other Unix-like systems, most notably Mac. Windows is still an open question.

Author: ```suggestion
  other Unix-like systems, most notably Mac. Windows remains an open question.
```

>   other Unix-like systems, most notably Mac. Windows is still an open question.

Reviewer 2: Same for still.

Author: ```suggestion
- OS-wise, for now we have concentrated on Linux. We should still run fine on
  other Unix-like systems, most notably Mac. Windows remains open question.
```

- `pytest` for testing
  to ensure this quality.

The code should be type-annotated and functions should have docstrings.

> FawltyDeps searches for imports and dependencies and to do it efficiently,

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
FawltyDeps searches for imports and dependencies, and to do it efficiently,
```

generators are used in many places.

## Code review

> Read https://m.mediawiki.org/wiki/Guidelines_for_a_healthy_code_review_culture

Author: Thanks!

```suggestion
Read https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Guidelines_for_a_healthy_code_review_culture
```

for a good introduction to the code review culture we want to foster in this
project.

## Tests

FawltyDeps has unit and integration tests.

> We do not specifically aim for 100% coverage but we do want to document the use

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
We do not specifically aim for 100% coverage, but we do want to document the use
```

cases via tests.

> Many tests have following naming convention:

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Many tests use following naming convention:
```

> Many tests have following naming convention:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many tests have the following naming convention:
```

```
test_{tested_function}__{short_description}__{expected_result}
```

## Class hierarchy

> Our main classes can be viewed as four "layers":

Author: ```suggestion
Our main classes can be roughly "layered" as follows:
```
